Add ML methodology (#330)
src-d/guide: engineering/teams/methodology-ml.md

Machine Learning (ML) team follows the [common methodology](https://github.com/src-d/guide/blob/master/engineering/methodology.md) shared by
the rest of the teams, with the following additions:

> - We meet two times per week, on Tuesday and on Thursday, to sync and discuss the status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We meet twice a week, on Tuesday and on Thursday, to sync and discuss the status of current work.
```

- We meet once per month to do middle-term planning of the [OKRs](https://github.com/src-d/okrs) fulfillment. We fuse that meeting with a retrospective.
- We minute every meeting, whether it is with people from academia or internal. The up-to-date order of scribes is in [ml-backlog](https://github.com/src-d/ml-backlog#minutes-scribe-order), they are chosen round robin.
- We post our [OSD](../../talent/open_source_days.md) plans to 🔑`#osd` channel on Slack in the morning.
- We mention the URLs of the issues/PRs we work on in our daily Geekbot standups.
- We passionately, thoughtfully follow the [Python style guide](../conventions/python.md).
- We do **not** use Anaconda.

> - All the team is running on Ubuntu. You can use other OS if you like adventures and want to spend time on solving unavoidable compatibility problems.

Reviewer 2: I run on MacOS and Ubuntu both and everything is perfect :)

Author: This was not the case with @irinakhismatullina, I still remember those weird problems with Babelfish she had.

- We ping the Lead or the maintainer every few hours in DM if there is a review-pending PR which is blocking.
- We do Research Days, see the corresponding section below for details.

> - We write our papers in [Overleaf](https://overleaf.com) and post them to 🔑[src-d/papers](https://github.com/src-d/papers) once written.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We write our papers in [Overleaf](https://overleaf.com) and post them to 🔑[src-d/papers](https://github.com/src-d/papers) once written.
- We put all the code related to the paper only (plot generation, stats computation, etc) into 🔑[src-d/papers](https://github.com/src-d/papers)
```

- We describe our bright ideas in 🔑[src-d/feature-idea](https://github.com/src-d/feature-idea).
- We do not forget to ask the Lead for extra days off if we had to work on the weekends.

## Interviews

> This part cannot is classified, unfortunately. It should describe our ML interview process. Refer to 🔑[src-d/company](https://github.com/src-d/company/tree/master/interviews/engineering).

Reviewer 3: "cannot" should be deleted here.

> This part cannot is classified, unfortunately. It should describe our ML interview process. Refer to 🔑[src-d/company](https://github.com/src-d/company/tree/master/interviews/engineering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This part is classified, unfortunately. It should describe our ML interview process. Refer to 🔑[src-d/company](https://github.com/src-d/company/tree/master/interviews/engineering).
```

## Research Day

Once per two weeks, on Fridays, the same day as the [paper reading club](https://github.com/src-d/reading-club),

> we run Research Days (RD). The purpose of RDs is to stay aware of the latest research and encourage experimentats with MLonCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we run Research Days (RD). The purpose of RDs is to stay aware of the latest research and encourage experiments with MLonCode.
```

- We ping the Lead or the maintainer every few hours in DM if there is a review-pending PR which is blocking.
- We do Research Days, see the corresponding section below for details.
- We write our papers in [Overleaf](https://overleaf.com) and post them to 🔑[src-d/papers](https://github.com/src-d/papers) once written.
- We put all the code related to the paper (plot generation, stats computation, etc) into 🔑[src-d/papers](https://github.com/src-d/papers), too.
- We describe our bright ideas in 🔑[src-d/feature-idea](https://github.com/src-d/feature-idea).
- We do not forget to ask the Lead for extra days off if we had to work on the weekends.

## Interviews

This part is classified, unfortunately. It should describe our ML interview process. Refer to 🔑[src-d/company](https://github.com/src-d/company/tree/master/interviews/engineering).

## Research Day

Once per two weeks, on Fridays, the same day as the [paper reading club](https://github.com/src-d/reading-club),
we run Research Days (RD). The purpose of RDs is to stay aware of the latest research and encourage experiments with MLonCode.

> Here is the list of things which may be done on a RD:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Here is the list of things which may be do on a RD:
```

Author: @smola :thinking: ?
